So, to take advantage of redundancy in
the spectral domain frequency domain.
We break the signal into
multiple sub-bands.
And this is what is called sub-band ADPCM.
So.
The G dot 722 standard
is a wide-band codec
operating at 16 kilohertz input signal.
So, the first thing we do is
split the signal into two bands.
Lower band, upper band using QMF,
quadrature mirror filters.
There is actually a typo in this picture.
I noticed it very late.
It's not quadratic,
it's quadrature mirror filter.
So, in the lower sub-band Which is
actually shown on the top of the picture.
We use 4, or 5, or 6 bits per sample and
we use just 2 bits for
the band that goes for
4 kilohertz to 8 kilohertz.
8 or 16 kilobits per second for
site channel information.
That is on the top band if you're
using 6 bits you do not have any
site band information.
If you're using 4 bits per sample you
get 16 kilobits site channel information
this you can use for in bad transmission
of other music related content.
On the receiver side, we use synthesis
quadratic mirror filters and
each of the Input streams for upper and
lower bands,
they go through the same ADPCM decoder and
then, we combine them with
the synthesis filter.
So, the QMF filters have a very nice
property called perfect reconstruction.
Even though the analysis filters
do not have really sharp
cutoff, they do have some overlap.
We still use critical sampling and down
sample each stream by a factor of two.
Now, there is going to be aliasing error.
So, the combination of analysis and
synthesis filters cancel this aliasing and
result in the original signal.
That's why they're called perfect
reconstruction filter banks.
So, the QMF filters and polyface
filters that share the same property
are used in many other forms
of Transform based codex
that exploit information, or
exploit density in the frequency domain.